# Hyundai 2.7L Siemens 654021

Authored by: OpenGK - chase206, dmg210, dante, kylem, KimchiSpiceWorks


## Categories

- Axis (10 items)

- Fuel (6 items)

- Air (2 items)

- Ignition (4 items)

- Engine Cooling (3 items)

- Engine Speed (22 items)

- Sensor Definitions (2 items)

- Identification (7 items)

- Community Patches (2 items)



## Patches


<details>
-	<summary>Ghost Cams</summary>

	Modifies values in Dynamic Ignition Correction at Idle table and appropriate axis RPM values to induce an artificial lope at idle, also known as "Ghost Cams"
- Kimchispiceworks

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>MAF Calibration Patch E46 330ci</summary>

	Use this patch to convert to commonly found MAFs to extend the MAF limitation.

-chase206

</details>




## Constants


<details>
	<summary>821F RPM Launch Limit 1</summary>

	Set this the same as launch limit 2

Launch Control Enable 1 & 2 need to be enabled for these limits to work. Launch Limits work best at 4000 RPM and RPM Limit Hysterisis 1 & 2 set to 0 RPM. Lower values of 3500 RPM will work but at a reduced bounce rate.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>822F RPM Launch Limit 2</summary>

	Set this the same as launch limit 1

Launch Control Enable 1 & 2 need to be enabled for these limits to work. Launch Limits work best at 4000 RPM and RPM Limit Hysterisis 1 & 2 set to 0 RPM. Lower values of 3500 RPM will work but at a reduced bounce rate.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8228 RPM Soft Limit</summary>

	Ignition cutoff. Typically 96RPM lower than RPM Hard Limit.

If used with RPM Limit Hysterisis 1 & 2 set to 0 RPM you can set both Soft and Hard Limits to the same RPM value.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8236 RPM Hard Limit</summary>

	Fuel cutoff. Typically 96RPM higher than RPM Hard Limit.

If used with RPM Limit Hysterisis 1 & 2 set to 0 RPM you can set both Soft and Hard Limits to the same RPM value.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8237 RPM VS Diag Limit</summary>

	Fuel cutoff. Typically 96RPM higher than RPM Hard Limit.

If used with RPM Limit Hysterisis 1 & 2 set to 0 RPM you can set both Soft and Hard Limits to the same RPM value.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8231 RPM Limit Hysterisis 1</summary>

	Set to 0 for fast limiter bounce.
Set to 1 for OEM limiter bounce.

Use in conjuction with RPM Limit Hysterisis 2.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8232 RPM Limit Hysterisis 2</summary>

	Set to 0 for fast limiter bounce.
Set to 10 for OEM limiter bounce.

Use in conjuction with RPM Limit Hysterisis 1.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8239 RPM VS Diag Limit</summary>

	RPM limit when vehicle speed sensor fault is present.

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8375 Vehicle Speed Limiter 1 (MPH)</summary>

	c_vs_max_0

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8375 Vehicle Speed Limiter 1 (KMH)</summary>

	c_vs_max_0

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8376 Vehicle Speed Limiter 2 (MPH)</summary>

	c_vs_max_1_2

</details>



<details>
	<summary>8376 Vehicle Speed Limiter 2 (KMH)</summary>

	c_vs_max_1_2

</details>



<details>
	<summary>81BE MAF Max</summary>

	c_maf_max mg/stk

</details>



<details>
	<summary>847A MAF MAX DIAG</summary>

	c_maf_kgh_max_diag kg/hr (Used as a MAF clamp max value)

</details>



## Tables


<details>
-	<summary>IP_ISAPWM_DHP__N__TPS</summary>

	Index: 277  kf 213: ip_isapwm_dhp__n__tps
            IP_ISAPWM_DHP[ ] = f(N[rpm],TPS[°TPS])

Dashpot function for MT

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>IP_ISAPWM_DHP_AT__N__TPS</summary>

	Index: 278  kf 213a: ip_isapwm_dhp_at__n__tps
            IP_ISAPWM_DHP_AT[ ] = f(N[rpm],TPS[°TPS])

Dashpot function for AT

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>A304 16x12 8bit Ignition Table</summary>

	Degrees of ignition advance for given RPM and engine load range.

X Axis is milligrams per stroke of airflow
Y axis is RPM

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>80A2 Injection Time Multiplier</summary>

	This is a scale factor for the injection pulse width. Can be used to scale injector size up and down. It is not precise as it affects the injector dead times as well.

</details>



- A3C8 4x4 8bit Ignition Table Idle [Ignition]



<details>
-	<summary>A1BE Dynamic IGA corr. in Idle</summary>

	Index: 168  kf 113: ip_iga_n_dif_is__n_dif_cor
            IP_IGA_N_DIF_IS[°CRK] = f(N_DIF_COR[rpm])

Idle spark correction table

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>A1CA Dynamic IGA corr. in Idle AT</summary>

	Index: 169  kf 113a:
            IP_IGA_N_DIF_IS_AT[ CRK] = f(N_DIF_COR[rpm])

</details>



- rpm 16 axis [Axis]



- sstm_n_7_3 [Axis]



<details>
-	<summary>sstm_dk_2_3</summary>

	TPS axis for various functions

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>IP_ISAPWM_TPS__N__TPS</summary>

	Index: 269  kf 211: ip_isapwm_tps__n__tps
            IP_ISAPWM_TPS[%] = f(N[rpm], TPS[°TPS])

Idle speed actuator vs TPS postion

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>ISAPWM_LGRD</summary>

	Index: 279  kf 214: ip_isapwm_lgrd__n
            IP_ISAPWM_LGRD[ ] = f(N[rpm])

Trailing gradiant for Dashpot function <3000rpm

</details>



- temp 6 axis [Axis]



- voltage iat 16 axis [Axis]



<details>
-	<summary>load 12 axis</summary>

	milligrams per stroke

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>B4EB IAT Definition</summary>

	Intake air temperature  sensor definition

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>D888 12x16 16bit Closed Loop Pulse Width</summary>

	Milliseconds of injection time for given RPM and engine load range.

X Axis is milligrams per stroke of airflow
Y axis is RPM

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>DA08 8x8 16bit Idle Closed Loop Pulse Width</summary>

	Milliseconds of injection time for given RPM and engine load range.

X Axis is milligrams per stroke of airflow
Y axis is RPM

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>B9DE 16x16 16bit MAF Definition</summary>

	MAF sensor definition

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>867B Radiator Fan Trigger Temperature (C)</summary>

	First value is initial fan trigger temperature. 
Second and third values are unknown. These other values likely middle and high overheat shutdown trigger temps to enable an ignition or fuel strategy to save the motor from damage. Modify only the first value to trigger the fans.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>867B Radiator Fan Trigger Temperature (F)</summary>

	First value is initial fan trigger temperature. 
Second and third values are unknown. These other values likely middle and high overheat shutdown trigger temps to enable an ignition or fuel strategy to save the motor from damage. Modify only the first value to trigger the fans.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>CF08 Radiator Fan Duty Cycle Map</summary>

	Conversion equation is UNKNOWN.

Set all values to 4701 to enable high fan duty cycle when trigger temp is reached. For variability revert back to the OEM values.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>Calibration Version</summary>

	This should match the XDF file version.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>Platform Version</summary>

	Chassis/Year/Region/Engine

May be used by NGM to identify tune parameters. Example being "Stg2_310I" indicating Stage 2 310.

</details>



- Machine Code Version [Identification]



<details>
-	<summary>ECM Number & Index</summary>

	Printed on ECM label

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>Serial</summary>

	Last 4 digits are printed on ECM label

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>Manufacture Date</summary>

	Printed on ECM label

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>VIN Number</summary>

	May be blank with zeros or ÿ for years 2002-2004.

</details>



- C110 Idle Speed With Load [Engine Speed]



- C234 Idle Speed With Load AT [Engine Speed]



- C25C Idle Speed Without Load AT [Engine Speed]



- CA44 Idle Speed Without Load [Engine Speed]



<details>
-	<summary>AE89 12x16 8bit WOT Enrichment</summary>

	Conversion value UNKNOWN

Increase to enrichen fuel and decrease to lean fuel under full load WOT condition at a given RPM. Use WOT TPS Trigger table to set TPS angle for full load WOT detection.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>9B04 12x16 8bit WOT TPS Trigger</summary>

	Conversion value is estimated and not exact.

Sets minimum TPS angle for full load WOT condition. Use WOT Enrichment table to adjust enrichment factor.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>ABE4 Injection Dead Times</summary>

	Minimum pulse in milliseconds for injector to open vs voltage

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>82F7 Launch Control Enable 1</summary>

	To enable launch control, set value to 104.
To disable launch control, set value to 177.

Launch Control Enable 2 is also required.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>8522 Launch Control Enable 2</summary>

	To enable launch control, set value to 1 & 0.
To disable launch control, set value to 104 & 16.

Launch Control Enable 1 is also required.

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>load 4 axis</summary>

	sst_lm_kf_zwb_ll

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>rpm 4 axis</summary>

	sst_n_kf_zwb_ll

</details>



<details>
-	<summary>sstm_n_dif_kor_6_6</summary>

	RPM correction axis for various functions

</details>



- sstm_n_4_3 [Axis]



---
[OpenGK.org](https://opengk.org)